Hello. Hello guys. Welcome to today's
video. My name is Lucas. Now, I recently
saw this video on X. Some guy basically
created this 3D animation based on real
data and real images all using AI. So,
big big shout out to Dylam Sanaya. I'm
going to link his post down in the
description below for you guys to check
out. And he basically talks about the
entire process of how to get this
started. He even used the Sketch Fab
model that you can see over here. We're
also going to try to do the same thing
today. So yeah, today we're going to try
to do a very similar type of animation
all using Remotion inside of Cloud Code.
So without further ado, let's go ahead
and dive into it. But guys, before we
start with today's video, I'd love to
invite you guys to my Discord server
where a bunch of different startup
founders, designers, developers from all
around the world, and we get together
every single weekday to talk about
different tools, different topics,
different challenges. So if you guys are
interested in joining, link is down in
the description below. So the first
thing that I want to do here is create a
new folder in my Finder. We're going to
call it like 3D remotion animation. And
then let's open up cursor and let's open
that project. So we're going to open
that folder, that empty folder. And
we're going to open the sidebar and the
little terminal uh area down here. And
in the sidebar, I'm going to look for
cloud code. Going to open that up. And
well, the first thing that we want to do
is install Remotion. So actually
Remotion has a very very great
documentation guide. I made a quick
little tutorial on how to get started
with Remotion and how to like how to do
some simple types of animations that you
see over here in another video. I'll
link that also down below. But if you
plan on prompting videos with cloud
code, see prompting videos with cloud
code guide. So let's open this up. And
all we have to do is select or copy this
little command down here. And we can go
to our terminal over here. Paste that in
here. And we're going to choose a blank
project. Let's say yes to Tailwind CSS
and yes to agent skills. And let's go
ahead and click yes to this as well. And
install in our project. Just click on
yes. Prep proceed. Yes. Perfect. Open
and cursor. Yes. And then all you have
to do is paste this to your terminal.
Click on enter. And then paste this and
click on enter. And then you're going to
get your blank little remotion uh canvas
over here. And now Remotion has this
page. It's basically called prompts. You
can search for remotion.dev/prompts
and you get all of these different
prompts that people are using. you have
some really cool examples like with
interactive maps like this. But in this
case, we want his project dillum. So,
we're going to use this prompt and we're
going to copy this and then paste this
into cloud code. And it says that here
that here is an empty reotion project
because we already set up the reotion
project. And it says I want to create a
3D video to visualize the top 20 video
games by copies of all time. Let's
change this up a little bit. So, I'm
going to say visualize the top 20 top
earning soccer players of all time. So,
it's a little bit different. And then
we're going to say create a reotion
video that visualizes the top visualizes
the top 20 bestselling. Let's not do
this. Let's again use our our new one.
And let's change a few things. So
instead of using boxes, we can use like
soccer balls as towers with height
representing the amount of of money
earned. And then it says remove the
default example from this project and
create a remotion plus react 3 fiber
example to do this visualization. And I
actually saw in his tweet like someone
said you you know you actually built a
3D system yourself as well. Remotion
doesn't come with that and there's no
camera so you can also you also made
that and he said that react 3 fiber
provides a camera and 3D scene setup. So
when you use react 3 fiber inside a
motion project you already have a full
3D system to work with. So it says
animate the camera from the bottom of
the last rank of the top of the of the
first rank. stop the camera on the top
of each rank for a few milliseconds. And
then it says here is the ranking data
that you need. So I've already asked
Claude to help me visualize this in a
kind of 2D way. But what I'm going to do
is I'm going to kind of uh explain my
situation that I want to create an
animation for this and I need a data set
for this. If we go back over here, it
says data as a JSON string. So it would
be nice to have a JSON string of this
data. So I just give it the prompt and I
say that I need a JSON string data of
the top earning footballers net worth
because it gave me like two different
types of brackets. I want the net worth
one and we're going to click on submit
and we get our JSON string. So let's go
ahead and copy this and let's paste this
over here and let's click on edit
automatically and let's go ahead and
submit this. So as you can see these are
the different to-dos. Install the
reotion and react 3 fiber. It's going to
create the player data file and ranking
info. It's going to create that soccer
ball 3D component, then the tower, and
then it's going to start creating the
different towers and the scenes, and
then we can test it out. All right, look
at this. So, we get Kaka, we get
Franchesco, Totti, Sio, Manet, Venios,
Zinedine, Zidan, Tiari. So, first thing
that I notice obviously very, very
simple in terms of the graphics, right?
We have that blue backdrop, the green
grass, which is cool because it it
represents, you know, the sport, but
also the balls seem pretty simple, very
low poly, and they don't really look
like soccer balls. And it's just two. It
looks like if Kaka, number 10, and and
Venius Jr. number what, seven or or six,
have the same amount, right? So, we want
that to be maybe we want the balls to be
a little bit smaller. That might be like
an option. But as you can see, like the
initial, you can really see how how that
looks like David Beckham and then Messi
and Cristiano are like way on the top.
So I want to try to get this stadium. So
we have this Oh, over here we have this
stadium 3D assets from from SketchFab.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to
download the 3D model. And I don't
really know what which one to use. I'm
probably going to use this one. And then
we download it's it's almost a gigabyte.
It's pretty big. And while this
downloads, I'm going to start preparing
the next prompt to give to Cloud Code to
kind of, you know, improve our our our
entire composition. All right. So, we
downloaded that. We're going to add it
to our folder. And we're going to
mention it over here as well. So, we
just have to look for something called
Dragon Stadium. There we go. So, let's
reduce the ball size by much more so
they look like a pile of small soccer
balls rather than a tower. And also for
the background, I want to use a 3D model
of the stadium. I gave it the link in
Sketchvab, but I also said you can also
find it here. So, I basically, you know,
as you saw, added that that file to the
folder. And let's go ahead and click on
submit. All right, let's see. All right,
so we get we still get our green little
pitch. We get the piles of balls, which
looks pretty good, but the pile should
kind of stack and they shouldn't stay on
the floor. And it sees it shows that
Ronaldo and Messi are kind of outside
the stadium, which isn't good, but it's
a good good progress, right? And I'm
going to look for a soccer ball in
SketchFab. I don't know since it's World
Cup season. Let's go ahead and use this
one. So again, I'm just going to
download download it. I'm going to use
this again because it worked pretty
well. And again, just add that to your
folder. So the small ball should stack
on top of each other. And the design of
the ball should look like this. So I'm
going to do forward slashment mention
file from this project. And let's look
for the ball. So we can also type it. So
FIFA tri and I'm also going to see that
to make sure that all the graphics
except for the stadium are reduced in
size by half so that the graphics don't
actually leave the stadium and the base
of the balls and graphics should should
match the the the base of the stadium.
So let's go ahead and send that. All
right. So now the balls seem to be in
the center like or sorry they they seem
to be stacked which is good. So you can
kind of tell the difference a little bit
more. But as you can see, our animation
is kind of kind of going off the screen
off. It's actually a little bit worse. I
think now the the stadium got smaller or
something. So we need to ask, you know,
the AI to make the stadium a little bit
larger. So just only make the stadium
size like 3x larger. All right. So it's
getting somewhere, but it's still still
needs some some touch. Okay. Now we're
almost there, but the balls are still
kind of uh, you know, going out of the
stadium. I don't want that. And nice, we
get our animation. It's looking much
better. Still needs a little bit of
touch, you know, touches here and there
in terms of design. Maybe the the fonts
don't look so good, but we get our stack
of World Cup soccer balls, which looks
nice. But yeah guys, after a few
touches, you know, we I think wrote like
a couple of messages, maybe six to eight
messages to cloud code, we get a really
cool design. And by the way, someone
also commented on this original tweet,
like this kind of visualization could
also be used to create size comparison
videos of ancient creatures or
dinosaurs. So yeah, guys, if you're
testing this out, please feel free to do
something like this. Feel free to reach
out to me and share with me what you
did. But yeah, this is basically it.
Hope you enjoyed today's video. If you
have any questions or comments, let me
know down in the comments below. And
like always, thank you all so much for
watching.